README.md, before:

# Repo Creatooor

This repository creator workflow allows users to create new repositories with all the Wonderland securities configuration. The main features of this workflow are:

- The only mandatory field is the repository name, but the user can provide additional options such as:
  - The codeowners.
  - Create from template providing a template owner and a template repo.
- The repository created will have two branches, `main` (default) and `dev` with the following setup:

  **Critical**

  - Signed commits
  - 1-2 minimum approvals for a PR to be merged
  - Lock main/master branch and dev branch, you should only use side branches
  - Only merge to main from dev
  - Codeowners for the main branch
  - Require conversation resolution before merging

  **Repository Settings**

  - [ ] Disable "Allow rebase merging"
  - [ ] Enable "Automatically delete head branches"
  - [ ] Main branch protection
    - [ ] Enable "Require a pull request before merging"
    - [ ] Change "Require approvals" to 2
    - [ ] Enable "Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed"
    - [ ] Enable "Require review from Code Owners"
    - [ ] Enable "Require status checks to pass before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require branches to be up to date before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require signed commits"
  - [ ] Dev branch protection
    - [ ] Enable "Require a pull request before merging"
    - [ ] Change "Require approvals" to 1
    - [ ] Enable "Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed"
    - [ ] Enable "Require status checks to pass before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require branches to be up to date before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require signed commits"

Always remember to add collaborators to teams instead of individual members, since it’s easier to manage.

## Usage

To use this repository creator workflow, follow these steps:

1. Click on the actions button and then click on the "Repo creation" action.
2. Click on "Run Workflow".
3. Fill in the mandatory field "Repository name".
4. If desired, select the "Codeowners" field and/or provide a template owner and a template repository.
5. Click on "Run Workflow".
6. After the repository is created, a link to the new repository will be provided.

Commit message:

fix: polish repo-creatooor
-Improve readme.
-Change the repo owner and repo template to only one input.
-Set dev as the default branch.
-Add soft asserts and assert all.
-Create configs.

Signed-off-by: 0xRaccoon <raccoon@defi.sucks>

README.md, after:


██████╗░███████╗██████╗░░█████╗░  ░█████╗░██████╗░███████╗░█████╗░████████╗░█████╗░██████╗░
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗██╔══██╗  ██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗╚══██╔══╝██╔══██╗██╔══██╗
██████╔╝█████╗░░██████╔╝██║░░██║  ██║░░╚═╝██████╔╝█████╗░░███████║░░░██║░░░██║░░██║██████╔╝
██╔══██╗██╔══╝░░██╔═══╝░██║░░██║  ██║░░██╗██╔══██╗██╔══╝░░██╔══██║░░░██║░░░██║░░██║██╔══██╗
██║░░██║███████╗██║░░░░░╚█████╔╝  ╚█████╔╝██║░░██║███████╗██║░░██║░░░██║░░░╚█████╔╝██║░░██║
╚═╝░░╚═╝╚══════╝╚═╝░░░░░░╚════╝░  ░╚════╝░╚═╝░░╚═╝╚══════╝╚═╝░░╚═╝░░░╚═╝░░░░╚════╝░╚═╝░░╚═╝

The repository creator workflow allows users to create new repositories with all the Wonderland securities configurations. 


## How to use it?

1. Click on the **actions** button and then click on the "Repo creation" action.
![alt text](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/repo-creator/blob/main/step_1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/repo-creator/blob/main/step_2.png?raw=true)
2. Click on **Run Workflow**.
![alt text](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/repo-creator/blob/main/step_3.png?raw=true)
3. Fill in the mandatory field **Repository name**.
4. If needed fill the codeowners field, if not the codeowners will be **@defi-wonderland/default-codeowner**.
5. If you are creating the repo from a template fill the template field (eg. defi-wonderland/solidity-hardhat-boilerplate), if not leave it empty.
6. Click on **Run Workflow**.
![alt text](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/repo-creator/blob/main/step_1.png?raw=true)
7. After the repository is created, a link to the new repository will be provided.

## Good practices

- **Always add teams instead of individual collaborators and prioritize teams**.

## The repository created will have two branches, `main` (default) and `dev` with the following setup:

  **Critical**

  - Signed commits
  - 1-2 minimum approvals for a PR to be merged
  - Lock main/master branch and dev branch, you should only use side branches
  - Only merge to main from dev
  - Codeowners for the main branch
  - Require conversation resolution before merging

  **Repository Settings**

  - [ ] Disable "Allow rebase merging"
  - [ ] Enable "Automatically delete head branches"
  - [ ] Main branch protection
    - [ ] Enable "Require a pull request before merging"
    - [ ] Change "Require approvals" to 2
    - [ ] Enable "Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed"
    - [ ] Enable "Require review from Code Owners"
    - [ ] Enable "Require status checks to pass before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require branches to be up to date before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require signed commits"
  - [ ] Dev branch protection
    - [ ] Enable "Require a pull request before merging"
    - [ ] Change "Require approvals" to 1
    - [ ] Enable "Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed"
    - [ ] Enable "Require status checks to pass before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require branches to be up to date before merging"
    - [ ] Enable "Require signed commits"
